she is today
For me it's worth many thanks
I'll do it there
in a statement to the market
Paulo
joão pereira assets statement presented by buenos aires the proposal
open door we will face a large temporary hiring of
according to the room and there should now be a shortage of
the team as we will see in what will take a turn of the working group of the
carnival
with the program agreed reform with which until now the first died
hit by a tumble when the beach of Pontal do Peba
the delegate canabrava 0 the sum to put the ball the comedy of balacobaco
the green neighborhood calama paigc
in the bathing season the petrol galp
the crisis
Colombia has passed
during the collective the steering wheel
- we work all year the side is not passed in the chamber
mid-year
isabel adriana birolli
supported by a major evolution
victory in brazilian
I think that happens
bichkek
We wanted from the beginning, Sergio.
the campaign
judith
one of the objectives